# 审稿意见



## 说明

1. The page limit of a REGULAR paper is SIX pages, the absolute page limit is EIGHT pages.
2. Please follow the author's instructions to include the DOI number at the lower left corner of the first page of your manuscript
3. There should be no page numbers in the final manuscript
4. You are invited to give an oral presentation and your presentation time is TEN plus FIVE minutes for Q&A
5. The authors should prepare a PPT file and in June will receive instructions where to upload the ppt file
6. Please note the May 10, 2022 deadline for electronic submission of papers and payment of registration fee.
7. The registration fee will be $515 US dollars



```
Your final paper must be submitted electronically through EasyChair website.
File format is PDF, WITHOUT page header, footer or page number on any page
of your paper. The deadline for electronic submission is May 10, 2022.
```



## review 1

SCORE: 1 (weak accept)
----- TEXT:
Facing a large number of candidate Web services with the same function, users hope to select the most appropriate one. Quality-of-Service (QoS) represents non-functional attributes of Web services and has become a major concern for service selection.

This paper proposes a network biased matrix factorization method for QoS prediction. The method considers both interaction and non-interaction between users and services, which makes it adaptable to complex network environment.

Strength:
\+ Addresses a real-life problem.
\+ Well-organized paper.
\+ A real-world QoS dataset is used to evaluate the performance of the network biased matrix factorization (NBMF) method mentioned in this paper.

Weakness:
\-  For comparison experiments, most of the existing algorithms used for comparison are too old. ~~In Figure 2 and 3, they are only referred to the Impact of Parameter. More basic information needed to be explained in the paragraph. For example, what does the symbol D mean?~~
\-  In order to allow easy reproduction of results, the authors are advised to release their dataset /model as open source.
\-  ~~It is better to have a related works section to make it more clear about the current research states in this fields and what is the advantages of your solution compared with the other's work.~~



## review 2

The paper proposes a network biased matrix factorization (NBMF) method for QoS prediction. The method considers both interaction and non-interaction between users and services. Among the factors related to the non-interaction, the method focuses on the influence of network bias on QoS prediction. Specifically, the method packages network bias into a linear regression model, while putting the user-service interaction into a matrix factorization model, which makes the method adaptable to a complex network environment.

The strengths of the paper are the following:
\- The authors introduce a new network biased matrix factorization method for QoS prediction that considers both interaction and non-interaction between users and services
\- The motivation example in Section II nicely explains the influence of network bias on existing MF-based QoS prediction methods. The network bias makes the QoS prediction made by existing approaches inaccurate.
\- Section III specifies the proposed network biased matrix factorization (NBMF) method for QoS prediction. The authors provide both the mathematical formulation and algorithmic specification (model training) of the proposed method.
\- The authors evaluate their method on a real-world QoS dataset to evaluate the performance of our method. The result demonstrates that our method can achieve better performance than the state-of-the-art baseline methods.
\- The authors compare their work against six related research works.

The weaknesses of the paper are the following:
\- The related-work section is very short. Further related approaches should have been described. Especially, the approaches that are described should have been  clearly compared against the contribution of the current work of the authors.
\- It seems that one of the issues of the current work is the precision of the proposed method when the latent features have high dimensions. The authors have not explained how their method can/could have addressed this issue.



## review 3

The paper proposes a network-biased matrix factorization (NBMF) method for QoS prediction. Experiments conducted on a real world dataset are reported. The paper is well written. I have some concerns with the paper. 

The paper mainly considers the influence of network bias in QoS prediction. According to the paper, the network bias mainly relates to the location of services and users. Some papers published in recent years have considered the influence of location in QoS prediction. E.g., reference 20, and the followings.  A comparison with these works should be provided. 

Yatao Yang, Zibin Zheng, Xiangdong Niu, Mingdong Tang, Yutong Lu, Xiangke Liao: A Location-Based Factorization Machine Model for Web Service QoS Prediction.
Liang Chen, Fenfang Xie, Zibin Zheng, Yaoming Wu: Predicting Quality of Service via Leveraging Location Information. Complex. 2019: 4932030:1-4932030:16 (2019)
Jianxun Liu, Mingdong Tang, Zibin Zheng, Xiaoqing Frank Liu, Saixia Lyu:
Location-Aware and Personalized Collaborative Filtering for Web Service Recommendation. IEEE Trans. Serv. Comput. 9(5): 686-699 (2016)

The related work is not well summarized. Only some related works are described. The difference between the proposed work with these existing works is not analyzed. 

~~In the experiment, the competing approaches are published before 2014.  The latest progress in this area should be compared in the experiment.~~



## Final paper

Dear Wenhao Zhong,


\1. The SEKE2022 registration form is online. Please go to SEKE2022 website and click on the SEKE conference registration link on the left-hand side. To register, do the following:

Step 1.  Go to registration page to fill out registration form.  If you have already filled out the registration form, you can enter your registration ID (a number) and last name to recall the form. However this option sometimes does not work. You can always re-enter the form.  When we detect duplicate registration forms we will remove the earlier one(s) for you.
Step 2.  Fill out the form.  Please be comprehensive.
Step 3.  Select "I will pay by credit card" to pay by credit card.
Step 4.  When you see the system-generated feedback form, please enter your paper ID number. choose the appropriate conference registration fee and click "Pay now".
Step 5.  If you have a PayPal account, you can log in paypal account to pay.  If you don't have a PayPal account, you can pay with either debit or credit card. The conference will pay the service fee so you will not be charged any service fee.
Step 6.  If your institution requires the registration fee to be paid by the institution, choose the "wired transfer" option.  Before you click on "submit" to submit the registration form, make sure the official institutional address is included in the form.  You can enter your institution's office address in the field for business name and address. You will find the bank's information in the returned web page after you submit the form. When we see you are paying by wired transfer, we will send you an official invoice.
Step 7.  It usually takes one month or longer for an institute to process a wired transfer.  Since we must send the proceedings to the printer by May 20, 2022, if no payment is received your paper may be removed from the technical program and the proceedings.  To avoid this, you can enter the registration form again and pay by your personal credit card.  If and when the institutional payment is received, we will fully refund your credit card payment and remove the duplicate registration.
Step 8.  Once your registration payment has been processed and received, we will send you a receipt.  If you want your institution's name to be included in the receipt, please enter the information in the field for business name and address in the registration form.  Similarly, if you want your paper's full title to be included in the receipt, please enter the paper's full title in the field of the same name in the registration form.  In other words you need to make sure whatever information you want to include in the receipt (or invoice) by entering them in the registration form.


\2. The update option in EasyChair has been enabled.  You can now update the detailed parameters of your paper, especially the paper title, because often authors want to modify the paper title of the final version.  You can also update the authors but you must first obtain the permission from SEKE2022 program chair by sending e-mail to the conference.  In general we don't allow the deletion of an author to protect junior author unless the said author sends us a letter indicating his/her consent.  We almost always allow the addition of authors. Please remember, we will always use the authors and title information you entered in EasyChair in the final program and the proceedings.


\3. Instead of updating the EasyChair version of your paper, THE FINAL VERSION OF YOUR PAPER MUST BE UPLOADED TO SEKE WEBSITE AS FOLLOWS:

Suppose your paper ID is 015.  Then you do the following:

ftp [ftp.ipage.com](http://ftp.ipage.com/)
login: seke22
password: Covid-19#
put  paper015.pdf

Please note your paper ID must be three digits with leading zeros.

\4. When your presentation ppt file is ready, you can upload as follows:

ftp [ftp.ipage.com](http://ftp.ipage.com/)
login: seke22present
password: Covid-19#
put  paper015.ppt


\5. If you don't have ftp tool, you can download
FileZilla Client, which is free.  Once you
log on FileZilla, you can enter "[ftp.ipage.com](http://ftp.ipage.com/)"
as the host address.  Please note [ftp.ipage.com](http://ftp.ipage.com/) is
NOT a website.  Don't try to click on it.


Sincerely,
SEKE2022 Secretariat
